oophorectomy	is a	surgical procedure
oophorectomy	performed for	treatment
oophorectomy	used to remove	ovaries
oophorectomy	can be	unilateral
oophorectomy	can be	bilateral
unilateral oophorectomy	removes	one ovary
bilateral oophorectomy	removes	both ovaries
oophorectomy	may cause	menopausal symptoms
oophorectomy	may increase	risk of cardiovascular disease
oophorectomy	may increase	risk of osteoporosis
oophorectomy	may decrease	risk of ovarian cancer
oophorectomy	may decrease	risk of breast cancer
oophorectomy	may affect	hormone levels
oophorectomy	may impact	fertility
oophorectomy	may impact	sexual function
oophorectomy	may require	hormone replacement therapy
oophorectomy	may require	counseling
oophorectomy	may require	follow-up care
oophorectomy	may have	complications
oophorectomy	may require	hospitalization
oophorectomy	may result in	scar tissue formation
oophorectomy	may lead to	hormonal imbalance
oophorectomy	may cause	surgical menopause
oophorectomy	may require	long-term monitoring
oophorectomy	may affect	bone health
oophorectomy	may affect	cognitive function
oophorectomy	may affect	mood
oophorectomy	may impact	quality of life
oophorectomy	may affect	body image
oophorectomy	may affect	self-esteem
oophorectomy	may impact	sexual identity
oophorectomy	may affect	emotional well-being
oophorectomy	may affect	relationships
oophorectomy	may require	lifestyle modifications
oophorectomy	may necessitate	genetic testing
oophorectomy	may require	psychological support
oophorectomy	may have	long-term effects
oophorectomy	may impact	overall health
oophorectomy	may require	fertility preservation
oophorectomy	may affect	body composition
oophorectomy	may alter	menstrual cycle
oophorectomy	may lead to	early menopause
oophorectomy	may result in	decreased libido
oophorectomy	may affect	bladder function
oophorectomy	may affect	bowel function
oophorectomy	may impact	sexual desire
oophorectomy	may require	surgical expertise
oophorectomy	may affect	surgical outcomes
oophorectomy	may require	post-operative care
oophorectomy	may necessitate	hormone monitoring
oophorectomy	may have	financial implications
oophorectomy	may affect	reproductive options
oophorectomy	may impact	mental health
oophorectomy	may affect	body weight
oophorectomy	may affect	cardiovascular health
oophorectomy	may impact	cognitive abilities
oophorectomy	may cause	hot flashes
oophorectomy	may lead to	vaginal dryness
oophorectomy	may result in	sleep disturbances
oophorectomy	may affect	energy levels
oophorectomy	may increase	risk of depression
oophorectomy	may impact	social interactions
oophorectomy	may affect	skin health
oophorectomy	may require	dietary changes
oophorectomy	may necessitate	bone density testing
oophorectomy	may have	genetic implications
oophorectomy	may influence	surgical decisions
oophorectomy	may affect	future reproductive options
oophorectomy	may have	long-term consequences
oophorectomy	may impact	emotional resilience
oophorectomy	may affect	hormone regulation
oophorectomy	may require	post-operative monitoring
oophorectomy	may necessitate	specialized care
oophorectomy	may affect	personal identity
oophorectomy	may have	psychological ramifications
oophorectomy	may influence	treatment choices
oophorectomy	may impact	sexuality
oophorectomy	may affect	body function
oophorectomy	may require	rehabilitation
oophorectomy	may necessitate	lifestyle adjustments
oophorectomy	may have	societal implications
oophorectomy	may affect	physical capabilities
oophorectomy	may require	long-term care
oophorectomy	may influence	family planning
oophorectomy	may affect	perception of femininity
oophorectomy	may affect	self-identity
oophorectomy	may have	emotional repercussions
oophorectomy	may impact	psychological well-being
oophorectomy	may require	patient education
oophorectomy	may necessitate	specialized treatment
oophorectomy	may affect	body function
oophorectomy	may evolve	surgical techniques
oophorectomy	may impact	post-operative recovery
oophorectomy	may necessitate	lifestyle adaptations
oophorectomy	may require	emotional support
oophorectomy	may influence	reproductive decision-making
oophorectomy	may affect	body image perception
oophorectomy	may affect	personal relationships
oophorectomy	may have	cultural significance
oophorectomy	may impact	self-worth
oophorectomy	may necessitate	assertive patient advocacy
oophorectomy	may require	multidisciplinary care
oophorectomy	may affect	sexual satisfaction
oophorectomy	may affect	fertility desires
oophorectomy	may have	socioeconomic implications
oophorectomy	may influence	healthcare decision-making
oophorectomy	may impact	body functionality
