arthroscopy	is a	medical procedure
arthroscopy	used for	diagnosis
arthroscopy	used for	treatment
arthroscopy	can detect	cartilage damage
arthroscopy	can treat	ligament tears
arthroscopy	can treat	meniscus tears
arthroscopy	can treat	joint inflammation
arthroscopy	can treat	joint infections
arthroscopy	can detect	arthritis
arthroscopy	can detect	bone fractures
arthroscopy	can treat	joint instability
arthroscopy	can detect	loose bodies
arthroscopy	can treat	synovitis
arthroscopy	can treat	tendonitis
arthroscopy	can treat	impingement
arthroscopy	can treat	bursitis
arthroscopy	can treat	osteoarthritis
arthroscopy	can treat	rheumatoid arthritis
arthroscopy	can detect	joint tumors
arthroscopy	can detect	cysts
arthroscopy	can treat	ligament reconstruction
arthroscopy	can treat	joint fusion
arthroscopy	can treat	scar tissue removal
arthroscopy	can treat	joint realignment
arthroscopy	can treat	joint debridement
arthroscopy	can detect	tendon injuries
arthroscopy	can detect	nerve injuries
arthroscopy	can detect	blood vessel injuries
arthroscopy	can treat	joint stabilization
arthroscopy	can treat	labral tears
arthroscopy	can detect	inflammation
