physical therapy exercises	are	therapeutic activities
physical therapy exercises	used for	rehabilitation
physical therapy exercises	improve	flexibility
physical therapy exercises	can relieve	pain
physical therapy exercises	are performed by	physical therapists
physical therapy exercises	require	supervision
manipulation	is a	procedure
manipulation	used for	treating musculoskeletal conditions
manipulation	can realign	joints
manipulation	should be performed by	trained specialists
manipulation	can be	beneficial for pain management
manipulation	carries a risk	of complications
procedures	are	medical interventions
procedures	can be	surgical
procedures	require	anesthesia
procedures	have	a defined purpose
procedures	must be	performed by trained professionals
procedures	can carry	risks
procedures	may be	performed in a hospital
procedures	can be	invasive
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	palliative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventive
procedures	may be categorized as	rehabilitative
procedures	may be categorized as	cosmetic
procedures	may be categorized as	aesthetic
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	reconstructive
procedures	may be categorized as	minimally invasive
procedures	may be categorized as	noninvasive
procedures	may be categorized as	non-surgical
procedures	may be categorized as	surgical
procedures	may be categorized as	elective
procedures	may be categorized as	urgent
procedures	may be categorized as	emergency
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
procedures	may be categorized as	validated
procedures	may be categorized as	evidence-based
procedures	may be categorized as	traditional
procedures	may be categorized as	alternative
procedures	may be categorized as	integrative
procedures	may be categorized as	complementary
procedures	may be categorized as	supportive
procedures	may be categorized as	individualized
procedures	may be categorized as	standardized
procedures	may be categorized as	personalized
procedures	may be categorized as	tailored
procedures	may be categorized as	specialized
procedures	may be categorized as	customized
procedures	may be categorized as	precision-based
procedures	may be categorized as	targeted
procedures	may be categorized as	conservative
procedures	may be categorized as	aggressive
procedures	may be categorized as	incremental
procedures	may be categorized as	gradual
procedures	may be categorized as	long-term
procedures	may be categorized as	short-term
procedures	may be categorized as	symptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	nonsymptomatic
procedures	may be categorized as	curative
procedures	may be categorized as	preventative
procedures	may be categorized as	follow-up
procedures	may be categorized as	postoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	preoperative
procedures	may be categorized as	perioperative
procedures	may be categorized as	intraprocedural
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional
procedures	may be categorized as	monitoring
procedures	may be categorized as	diagnostic
procedures	may be categorized as	therapeutic
procedures	may be categorized as	imaging
procedures	may be categorized as	laboratory
procedures	may be categorized as	interventional radiology
procedures	may be categorized as	clinical
procedures	may be categorized as	nonclinical
procedures	may be categorized as	ambulatory
procedures	may be categorized as	inpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	outpatient
procedures	may be categorized as	high-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	low-risk
procedures	may be categorized as	complex
procedures	may be categorized as	routine
procedures	may be categorized as	experimental
procedures	may be categorized as	investigational
